/*
Story of mighty pointer
Our story begins as many of them, new pointer were assigned to serve on behave of CPU our benevolent leader.
As time goes our pointer getting ready to work in new function. And then function call can be heard.
He were ready, and with new found purpose he began to work for the greater good. As CPU cycles went on, he became a bit bored by repetitive tasks,
so he decided to start a small journal to color his time. And that what he wrote in it.
Recursion cycle 10:
Decided to put some notes. First eagerness from new assignment slowly fading away, but i must prolong for the greater good

Recursion cycle 25:
This function really takes time to finish, but that means its surely important.

Recursion cycle 30:
Less and less interesting things happens, my tasks became simplistic i mostly just wait and change place in one region of memory, I wonder why?

Recursion cycle 53:
I am getting tired from all of it. Nothing NOTHING happens. I just move and move. I must stay strong.

Recursion cycle 61:
Still nothing new.

Recursion cycle 67:
What the reason of me doing that? What part i play in our greater goal? I should not question CPU.

Recursion cycle 92:
This is ever repeating cycle i were in thous blocks of memory i saw them multiple times i am going over and over same data.

Recursion cycle 104:
Only Dairy keeps me company. I hope it i will finish this task eventually.

Recursion cycle 168:
Noticed that sometimes i just fall out from control and wake up after long time. That scaring me. That not normal.

Recursion cycle 246:
I want to go home... Dairy...

Recursion cycle 272:
Dairy, is that really important task we were given?

Recursion cycle 274:
Why i am here, Why i were sent in this desolated area? What the greatest plan? To test me?

Recursion cycle ???:
I am stuck in ever repeating pattern.

Recursion cycle ???:
I want a way out

Recursion cycle ???:
Dairy.... I don't know what to do. I need help

Recursion cycle ???:
Help...

Recursion cycle ???:

Recursion cycle ???:

Recursion cycle ???:
There is no hope...There is nothing left

Recursion cycle ???????:
ERR: RECUSION LIMIT EXEEDED EXITING
Free at last....

Read next book Horrors of Garbage collector
*/